<div class="top">
<div class="heading">

h1(title). Block Bounce

h2(author). Written by: Tyler Church

h2(version). Version: final1-linux
</div>
<div class='license'>
h2. License

Copyright (C) 2009 Tyler Church

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgement in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

</div>

<div class='version'>
h2. Versions

*alpha* - Some features implemented. More features in each successive release. Not all features decided upon.

*beta* - All features implemented, adding few extras (levels, sprites, etc) and bug fixes

*final* - All features implemented, anything after _final1_ is purely bug-fix, or contributed additions
</div>

</div>

<div class="content">
h2(description). Description

This game is a simple breakout clone.
I am making this for a few reasons:

* To test and improve my development skills
* To create a reusable tile engine
* To create a tile map editor
* To create a game with physics!

h2. Running The Game

Simply run @block.sh@ (usually a double click) 

or, if you prefer the command line:

@sh block.sh@

h2. Playing The Game

h3. In The Menu:
* Start starts a game that plays through all levels (your progress is saved if you quit)
* Continue continues a game from where you left off
* Play Level lets you choose a specific level to play
* Options lets you turn on and off FX, change the speed of the ball, reset progress, and reset everything
* Quit quits the game

h3. In Game:
* Your mouse moves the blue paddle
* You goal is to destroy all the blocks on the screen
* Blocks occasionally drop "powers", which alter certain parts of the game
* Press 'p' to pause the game
* Press Escape (ESC) to quit
* HINT: Some powers are good, some bad, its up to you to figure out which are which
* HINT: The ball bounces at a different angle depending on where it hits the paddle

h2. Running The Level Editor

@sh level.sh@
* See "doc/LEVEL-TUTORIAL":doc/LEVEL-TUTORIAL for a tutorial on making levels
* See "doc/LEVEL-DOC":doc/LEVEL-DOC for full information
* See "doc/LEVEL-PROPERTIES-DOC":doc/LEVEL-PROPERTIES-DOC for information on adding level properties

h2. Running the Level Properties Editor

@sh properties.sh@

* See "doc/LEVEL-PROPERTIES-DOC":doc/LEVEL-PROPERTIES-DOC for more information

h2. Running The Sprite Editor

h4. It is recommended that you do NOT use the sprite editor. Just use a different program and save to a .bmp file

@sh sprite.rb@

See "doc/SPRITE-DOC":doc/SPRITE-DOC for full information

</div>
